Update docs for v1.23.0 (#2764)
ispc/ispc: docs/ispc.rst

Now, command-line switch `--dwarf-version=<n>` forces DWARF format debug info generation
on Windows. It allows to debug ISPC code linked with MinGW generated code.

Updating ISPC Programs For Changes In ISPC 1.23.0
-------------------------------------------------

This release contains the following changes that may affect compatibility with
older versions:

> * `true` `bool` values in storage were changed from `-1` to `1` to match ABI.
>   It may have resulted to incomparable `true` values with C/C++ `true` values
>   since 1.13.0 release.

Reviewer: I think it should be clarified a bit:
```suggestion
* `true` `bool` values in storage were changed from `-1` to `1` to match C/C++ ABI.
Previously, ISPC treated `bool` values similarly to C/C++ in terms of size, but incorrectly interpreted their actual values. This meant that `true` in ISPC might not have translated correctly to true in C/C++. This issue was introduced in version 1.13.0. Starting now, ISPC correctly stores and interprets `true` values in a way that aligns with C/C++ expectations.

```

A couple of improvements have been made to variables initialization:

* Variables with const qualifiers can be initialized using the values of
  previously initialized const variables including arithmetic operations above
  them. It now works also with varying types.
* Enumeration type values can be used as constants.

The result of selection operator can now be used as lvalue if it has suitable
type.

Now, command-line switch `--dump-file=<dir>` forces dumping of the whole IR

> modules after each pass.

Reviewer: I don't think this option is needed to be described here since `--dump-file` is an option for ISPC developers (under `--help-dev`).
